so today I'm going to show you how to
use my favorite quick detail spray which
is hybrid v7 and why is hybrid v7 my
favorite quick detail spray because of
the quick detail spray and a spray
sealant in one amazing product so I'm
going to show you how to use it on this
2004 black Mustang Cobra the
supercharged version looks awesome and
uses Chemical Guys products to keep it
looking good so we're gonna keep looking
even better with hybrid v7 hybrid v7 is
easy to use because it removes dust and
fingerprints and light debris to keep
the car looking fresh while adding
sealant to the paint job this car has
actually been freshly polished the owner
Eric spent many hours using v36 polish
to get this car looking amazing we want
to keep it looking good so we're using a
brand new microfiber towel with micro
cotton edging and hybrid v7 so let's go
ahead and get this car looking real good
those car has the normal dust on the car
might be kind of hard to see on the
camera but there's a few little tiny
bits of dust that happened just from
sitting around so I'm going to take some
hybrid v7 let me go ahead and turn my
sprayer on there we go I'm going to take
my microfiber towel already fold it in
fours then I go ahead and spray three
light sprays to the microfiber towel now
once you spray hybrid v7 on the
microfiber towel you can gently wipe in
one direction you notice I'm not putting
any pressure on the surface because this
car is freshly painted and I don't want
to cause a scratch it look just like
sitting right there it's already begin
to blend right into the paint
now hybrid v7 actually uses something
called transparent blend technology what
that does is that blends the amazing
sealant inside of the product into the
paintwork so it actually fades right
into that black paint giving a
high-gloss optical clarity shine
everybody loves it it's very easy to use
and it smells like a fresh orange drank
so let's keep going across the car and
clean up some more stuff now a lot of
people on these cobras might notice that
on the back of the car my Mustang as
well a lot of you guys out there know
I'm a huge Mustang enthusiast that the
tire actually sticks out past the fender
so I'm actually putting my fist right
here and you'll notice that my fist is
actually not behind
in the bumper itself the tire is so when
you're driving around you do burnouts or
smoking Corvettes you might get all this
debris flying out and hitting the back
of this bumper right here and it ends up
water spots and debris and all nasty
stuff so I'm going to do is I'm going to
take a microfiber towel and I'm going to
spray somewhat quick detail spray right
on the microfiber towel and I'm going to
get Li wipe away all these water spots
easily just like that there we go quick
and easy you notice I'm not pushing a
lot of pressure and I'm wiping in one
direction that's what we want to do we
do not want to wipe in multiple
directions now look at all that stuff
that came off that's Road tar road
debris nasty stuff I'll show you about
that in a minute but I wanted to go
ahead and wipe off the rest of our
hybrid v7 so we get a nice fresh line
and there we go that's the coolest thing
about transparent blend technology is
that that the blending of the product
goes right into the paint to give a nice
smooth surface this car is freshly waxed
it's meticulous and easily maintained
and it's a great example of how you
should maintain your black car because
it doesn't take a lot of time to
maintain a black car
it just takes effort and dedication to
make it look great I want to show you
once again look at all the dirt that
came off the back of that car this is
probably one of the cleanest cobras will
ever see around yet there's still dust
and dirt on the back and we can easily
clean up because just driving from area
to area even porting your car around
you'll get this type of dirt on the
ground so let's go ahead and show you
guys one more area that you can use
hybrid v7 hybrid v7 you can actually use
on Chrome as well so I show you in
another video how to clean the mat
centers I'm not going to use hybrid v7
for that I'm going to put my microfiber
towel over to a clean side and clean out
the dust it's right inside of this deep
dish shrimp way I'm going to do that
again a spray three light sprays of
hybrid v7 on our microfiber towel and
I'm gently going to wipe off any dust
now Chrome is an extremely sensitive
surface look at all the brake dust we're
pulling off just right so but Chrome is
extremely soft people say it's a real
durable coating but actually if you use
the wrong towel and you use the wrong
technique you will actually scratch
Chrome so why a lot of people actually
find their chrome wheels are not easily
cleaned after a little while actually
difficult to maintain so I'm actually
using the plush fibers of this micro
finer towel to get deep down right next
to the rivets because this is an actual
three piece wheel and I want to make
sure that actually looks real good
when I finish up the cleaning there we
go
now our chrome actually shines a lot
more we removes all that dust and it's a
great way to maintain the product so if
you have a show car or car that you
drive on the weekends this is a great
way to maintain that car without getting
out the duster nobody wants to get out
one of those dusters I'm not going to
say the name of it but it does cause
scratches over the park you don't want
to use that it's better to use a quality
plush microfiber towel and hybrid v7
that way you remove all the dust debris
dirt fingerprints anything you don't
harm the car not moving around the dirt
you're pulling up the dirt off the
surface and trapping it in the
microfiber towel so I'm going to go and
play around with some more cool products
on this Cobra but if you have any more
questions about hybrid v7 or microfiber
towels or any of our cool products
subscribe to our YouTube and see all of
our cool videos or you can find me at
hybrid v7 hangout at chemicalguys.com
you